hey everyone aaron here from MTG
challengers and welcome to another Magic
the Gathering gameplay today we have
game 2 of the match between Evan playing
rakdos aggro and Matthew playing bant
mid-range Evan was on the play this game
and took a mulligan down to six he
played a temple of malice first first
turn he chose to send the top carve his
library to the bottom from the sky
matthew played a temple of mystery and
chose to leave the card on top evan just
played a tormented hero which inter
tapped showing that he took a 1 land
hand matthew played a breeding pool and
paid to life for it to cast a sylvan
carey ative evan played a rakdos cackler
unleashed and swung with his hero
matthew just blocked it with his
Caryatid matthew laid down a temple of
enlightenment and left the card on top
again he then played a voice of
resurgence and passed heaven finally got
a second land and played a spike gesture
he'd been attacked with his team matthew
traded his voice for the gesture and got
an elemental token he had to take the
other for going to 14 matthew played
another temple of enlightenment and left
the card on top again he then cast a
pelu Chronos world eater Evan played a
mountain and cast another rack dose
cackler unleashed he then killed blue
Chronos with a dread boar and attacked
with his hero in his first cackler
matthew traded his elemental token for
the hero and took to going to 12 matthew
played a hallowed fountain and paid to
going to 10 he then tapped out for an
elspeth sun's champion he used her
plus-one getting 3 11 soldier tokens
Evan played a blood crypt untapped and
swung with his two cacklers at Elspeth
matthew just jumped with two of his
tokens and Evan passed the turn matthew
played a temple of Plenty scrying one
and left the card on top he used
Elspeth's +1 again getting three more
tokens he then cast a kiora the crashing
wave and used her minus one ability
drawing the car that he scried and
played an untapped breeding pool going
to eight he then cast a Brahmas king of
oreskos at the end of his turn I haven't
used an ultimate price to kill it Evan
cast another rakdos cackler and
Unleashed it again he then swung with
his other two cacklers at Elspeth and
used a bio blight to kill all the
soldiers Elspeth took for going down to
two loyalty Matthew got three more
soldiers and used kioras minus one again
killing her he drew a card and played a
hallowed fountain
left Evan cast and eczema rakdos blood
which Unleashed her and attacked with
the team he sent the cacklers at Elspeth
and examined matthew matthew used his
three tokens to block the examine and to
cacklers and blocked the remaining
cackler with his carry ative at the end
of Evans turn matthew casa sphinx's
revelation 45 going up to 13 and drawing
five cards matthew used Elspeth's minus
three ability to destroy all creatures
with power for greater killing Evans
eggs ova Elspeth also died he then
played at apt breeding pool and cast a
detention sphere exiling all of Evans
cacklers he then played another else
Beth and got three more tokens Evan just
drew and passed for his next turn
matthew played a temple of mystery and
sent the top card to the bottom he used
a plus one again getting three more
soldiers he then cast a voiceover
surgeons followed by a coarser of crew
fix he attacked Devin 43 with his tokens
dropping him to 15 Evan cast a doom
blade to kill the courser but matthew
exiled it with a last breath in response
gaining for life going up to 17 matthew
played another breeding pool chapped and
got three more tokens with Elspeth he
then attacked with six tokens and his
voice 48 damage taking Evan 27 Evan did
draw thoughtseize but still didn't have
any way to stay alive so he scooped it
up giving Matthew the wind to the game
and the match so that's it for this
gameplay thank you all very much for
watching to see the lists for these
decks and others check out our deck
techs and also be sure to keep up with
the other game plays that we upload
thanks for visiting and if you like what
you see subscribe for more magic the
gathering content